Explain how to enable/disable local caching (#5242)
flyteorg/flyte: docs/user_guide/development_lifecycle/caching.md

The flytekit package uses the [diskcache](https://github.com/grantjenks/python-diskcache) package, specifically [diskcache.Cache](http://www.grantjenks.com/docs/diskcache/tutorial.html#cache), to aid in the memoization of task executions. The results of local task executions are stored under `~/.flyte/local-cache/` and cache keys are composed of **Cache Version**, **Task Signature**, and **Task Input Values**.

Similar to the remote case, a local cache entry for a task will be invalidated if either the `cache_version` or the task signature is modified. In addition, the local cache can also be emptied by running the following command: `pyflyte local-cache clear`, which essentially obliterates the contents of the `~/.flyte/local-cache/` directory.

> To disable the local cache, you can set the `local.cache_enabled` config option (e.g. through setting the environment variable `FLYTE_LOCAL_CACHE_ENABELED=False`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To disable the local cache, you can set the `local.cache_enabled` config option (e.g. by setting the environment variable `FLYTE_LOCAL_CACHE_ENABLED=False`).
```
